got something going with basic websockets (#2)
BordenJardine/knit-works: README.md

# knit-works

> A project by Matthew Borden Jardine and Olivia Heather Ramharacksing Ruiz-Knott.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A project by Matthew Borden Jardine and Olivia Bethany Ramharacksingh Ruiz-Knott.
```

so close buddy

Reviewer: You may merge once this requested change has been made.

Author: _fuck_
